Who are you?
Why did you move my high-speed rail case?
That's my collection.
Cher Cher
Got it, the company is operating illegally
Seizure is now filing for bankruptcy
When did this happen?
Just yesterday.
The Southern Family thing is shipped away behind your back, right?
You go pack your bags too
I have mortgaged this house
Then move away
Moved away, moved away, left Yuncheng
Let's find a smaller city.
There is still some money at home
We could rent a smaller house.
Daughter-in-law, this is dad, I'm sorry for you
Bring you home
Didn't give you a good life
As long as our family can be together
Who is your family?
I don't want to live a hard life
I don't want Cher